"In 3 words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on." - Robert Frost
"Be the change that you wish to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi
"It always seems impossible until it’s done." - Nelson Mandela
"Try not to become a man of success but rather to become a man of value." - Albert Einstein
"Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes." - Oscar Wilde
"Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none." - William Shakespeare
"You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take." - Wayne Gretzky
"Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results." - Albert Einstein
"Creativity is intelligence having fun." - Albert Einstein
“A painting is worth a thousand confused art-gallery visitors.” – Ljupka Cvetanova
“A person is wise if he listens to millions of advice and doesn’t implement any of it.” – Michael Bassey Johnson
“Action will destroy your procrastination.” – Og Mandino
“All progress has resulted from people who took unpopular positions.” – Adlai E. Stevenson
"In the end, it’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years.” – Abraham Lincoln
“Dreams don’t work unless you do.” – John C. Maxwell
“Fools learn from experience. Wise men learn from the experience of others.” – Otto von Bismarck
“Genius is one percent inspiration, ninety-nine percent perspiration.” – Thomas Alva Edison
“I not only use all the brains I have, but all that I can borrow.” – Woodrow Wilson
“The elevator to success is out of order. You’ll have to use the stairs, one step at a time.” - Joe Girard
“People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing – that’s why we recommend it daily.” - Zig Ziglar
“Life is like a sewer… what you get out of it depends on what you put into it.” - Tom Lehrer
“Bad decisions make good stories.” - Ellis Vidler
“A diamond is merely a lump of coal that did well under pressure.” - Unknown
“Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain.” - Joseph Campbell
"You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough." - Mae West
"We know what we are, but know not what we may be." - William Shakespeare
"I've not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." - Thomas Edison
"If you don't stand for something you will fall for anything." - Gordon A. Eadie
"I solemnly swear that I'm upto to no good." bruhh.. - Harry Potter,J.K Rowling